if you're looking to buy cheap and
reliable fifa 15 accounts or even to
charge your own account with coins go
check the link in the description below
and if you want to buy cheap MSP and PSN
codes and even game GTA also down below
hey guys how's everyone doing today
welcome to the last episode of my epic
challenge series yes guys we are finally
here after 32 episodes so filled with
crazy ghost beautiful ski runs amazing
combinations unbelievable comebacks we
are here we are one win away from
winning the title in division 1 and the
finishing of the series at all thanks
for all the support towards this series
thanks for all the challenges you shared
with me in the past week unfortunately
guys I can pick out everyone's the
challenges I have to select only one in
my choice is to build a team with the
tallest strikers in the game and only
goal scored by hitters count to holster
the final result the challenge is not as
easy as it looks because the scoring
goal scoring headers on 15 from Croesus
it's a pretty difficult task moreover we
are going to face off against an
opponent from Division one who is
supposed to use a quality team and he's
supposed to be a greater philly player
which we additionally get us into big
troubles so guys as you can see in the
background we have crouch and trowel ray
who are over 2 meters in height they're
supposed to win every single header in
the air in addition I have man of the
match bony who is the real monster in
the air as well pink kya who is also
beast at the jumping and last but not
least too fast enough wingers who are
able to outrun my opponents a full box
with is and st. accurate crosses inside
the penalty box so let's jump into the
last game of this series so guys ow
last opponent of the series has three
team of the season players in 2011 in
general he has a great BPL team pass to
go nice one woke up we got space around
baby urine stoppable cutting across the
bow bow me oh such a terrible header
made rano could throw away Oh what an
amazing jump unfortunately he means the
ball we got caffeine cross the pole
through it oh we miss the caterer Ron
Wolcott cutting Oh Troy I can't believe
such a terrible header it was a perfect
cross company Bonnie Oh could've powered
up the shot a bit more pass in the
direction of Grouch Grouch oh that was
an amazing header but off target oh and
mr. Raimey see what taco oh and missed
him again four shots on target first
gloss that's unbelievable
Crouch pass whoa cut cut in a jab cross
trollee finally finally with a caterer
was an amazing Heather we're scoring the
equaliser lots look at this header
absolutely amazing finally this guy hit
the ball properly in the air catene
cross the ball thrower I can't believe
me how can you miss from such a close
distance pass round they'd be wrong we
got space Vic shot Oh throwing all over
the crossbar unfortunately
cross grouch oh my god
Oh company with the weenie kilowatts
minute 86 we managed to take the lead we
managed to score the winning goal of
this series I can't believe such an
amazing hitter by company oh we are
scoring the last goal of this series the
final whistle we managed to complete the
last challenge of the series lots oh my
god whoa what the game guys i miss the
thousands of great opportunities in the
air and I was about to lose the game but
even though I never give up enter and
managed to make a greater come back in
the second half unfortunately it was the
last game it was the last episode all
these series on fetal 15 how will surely
do guys more of it sat during FIFA 16 so
stay tuned into don't get upset thanks
and for watching don't forget to
subscribe for the best FIFA 16 content
if you haven't already and I will see
you guys later bye bye